Make easier to propagate runtime dependencies (#24)
jlesquembre/clj-nix: README.md

          branch: update-deps-lock
```

## FAQ

- **How can I define extra runtime dependencies?**

If you try to call a external program from your Clojure application, you will
get an error (something like
`Cannot run program "some-program": error=2, No such file or directory`). One
possible solution is to wrap the binary:

```nix
cljpkgs.mkCljBin {
# ...
nativeBuildInputs = [ pkgs.makeWrapper ];
postInstall = ''
  wrapProgram $cljBinary \
    --set PATH ${pkgs.lib.makeBinPath [ pkgs.cowsay ]}
'';
}
```

> Notice that the `$cljBinary` is a real variable. It is created by `mkCljBin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the `$cljBinary` is a proper Bash variable. It is created by `mkCljBin`
```

Author: Thanks!
